I have been extracting codeine from the 8mg tablets for 6 years, and can give a few tips to enhance the process on your website. Take 60 (or less) asa with 8mg- asa filters better than tylenol. Put in small blender jar for a few seconds to get fine white powder. Pour slightly less- than- boiling water into the jar, and blend again. Then blend up a few ice cubes, add to jar and blend again. Put in fridge freezer for 15-20 minutes until you can see the layering out of sediments. Stir once or twice. Then use fine mesh coffee filter; faster if you can avoid the coffee funnel and place filter in large measuring cup with something smooth at bottom, eg very small glass for the filter to rest upon while it drips. Pour in your now very cold mixture. If req'd to prevent asa from escaping into bottom, tie up top of filter with twist tie. It filters fast and clean, and has very little taste if it comes out as a clear liquid. If milky looking, you've got a leaky or poor quality filter, and have wasted a batch. If you have plenty of time, use two filters, one inside the other. I mix with grapefruit juice and ice cubes. Tastes fine and gets your morning off to a good start, lifting your mood, and eliminating aches and pains. I find my productivity enhanced at work, and am more sociable to colleages, none of whom has ever detected my usage. <br/>
<br/>
By the way, in Canada, at least BC and Alberta, you can get it OTC in quantities of 200, no questions asked. A few pharmacies will net you thousands to take back to the US. Maybe best to tranfer them to regular tylenol and asa bottles for border crossing, as the US customs is getting to be a real pain along the CDN border, looking into your toiletry bags, etc. A reasonable amount of this opiate per day helps you cope, and is healthier than booze. Just don't do it 4 or 5 times a day, or you will develop a serious addiction. Tylenol buggers your liver, and asa your kidneys and G.I. tract, so this is better than taking a pile of pills.